Meeting Notes - Feb 05 2017.

Factions

Chemists, Foresters, Farmers, Foundry, Wilders
General Modifications
Make mining skill defunct (So as to allow specific specialisations for each faction (Foresters wood etc)
Settlements far enough apart to encourage travel, not so far as to stop trading.
No loot respawn.
Use Item to choose Faction.
Central Community Market. (Land protection where only Community leaders can build or change) - vending machines in a protected area
Centralised area being able to prevent zombies and kick you out at 22:00 and let you in at 04:00
7 day horde is continual (this may be built in to trader protection)
Community-only chats on curse
Community Leader Council - Community leaders boot people (Griefers & Douchebags) - community council - yes, leaders have selective admin abilities
Controlled vendor inventories [Definitely possible]
Bucks is the currency
Community Leader gives out land claim blocks for individual builds (remove LCB from new player items)


Chemists
Specific recipes, not available to the whole server.
Gas Can (just production in chem station)
Antibiotics
Bio fuel
Gun Powder.
Add Pain killer recipe. ( Maybe make a new plant for recipe? )
Add ‘Peat’ or ‘Fuel Log’ (coal + tallow) “Coke”
Moldy Bread (sham sandwich)
Foresters (?) (probably combine with Wilders
Bonus to wood gathering from a perk.
?Harvest event tied to perk/item?
Look into whether it is possible to limit the entire amount of wood a tree gives to a smaller number, so that other factions only get like 5 wood from a tree in its entirety, but foresters get 600.
?Paper Recipe?
?Pain pill component? Aspirin is from trees.?
Farmers
Have a specific block (soil) that can grow crops, no crops will grow anywhere else.
A Pain medicine crop?
Going for this group?
Continued food production (Meat stew recipe - any wellness recipe?)
Aloe vera.
Tea production!!! (and COFFEE)
Wellness providers

Foundry
Can be the only ones who can smelt bars.
Metal recipes ( Trusses, Rebar Frames Etc...)
Upgrading to reinforced concrete costs rebar frames in the recipe.
Change health of normal concrete block.
Arrow heads (Iron and Steel) - Can be bought from Foundry. Everyone can craft the bolts and arrows. ( The metal heads are available only at foundry )

Wilders

More materials from harvesting animals/zombies (animal fat) additional meat, additional hides. [This is tied to items, e.g. special knife]
Tanning recipe exclusive. ( Animal hide to leather )
MAYBE limiting higher end weapon production. (Clubs bows etc, max quality 600 everyone else 300)
Hunting knife recipe.
Change armour recipes to require more leather to craft, and leather to repair.


Concerns
In game day times ( 1 hour, 2 hour Maybe more? )
Foundry Screamer problem. (different forge item, possibly with no screamer spawns)
Forestry is weak - combine with wilders? ( Have Wilders only able to receive Saplings )
Player Spawn points? [Possible post map-generation]
How to join a different community if you don’t like your first? (Skills wise and recipes) [May be possible with a special item/quest]
Car headlight recipe? -CzeCza


